hey everyone guess what time it is it's
ypsi time please excuse the mess in the
background we just got back from North
Carolina and I still haven't unpacked
but I just got my ft in the mail and I
could not wait to open it so I thought I
might as well do and then bagging a
video who's excited I am I'm always
excited for it see it's always
interesting to see what stuff I'm going
to get actually haven't seen anybody
zhun bagging yet so this will be a
surprise the first thing in here is the
actual bag this it is a white bag with
orange polka dots it is quite cute
actually like this it is a cylinder
shape we got a bag similar in shape I
think it was was it last summer is it
really that long ago my goodness it was
like a clear like pink color I guess it
wasn't clear it was like a see through
pink but I do like it when they switch
up these shapes of their bags I just I
have plenty of the rectangular one so
it's nice to get a different shape when
I do think this one is really cute but
the first thing i got was actually not
inside the bag it was in this little
cardboard thing its urban decay and this
is a sample of their perversion bigger
blacker batter i think this is their
mascara haven't heard too much about it
and honestly I'm not too excited about
this just because it's not waterproof I
have heard I haven't heard that much
like I said but I have heard a few
people saying that it's like a really
wet mascara which in my mind means that
it's not going to do anything for my
lashes because my lashes like I've
mentioned before are quite picky and
they are usually only happy when I'm
wearing waterproof mascara or more dry
formula otherwise my eyelashes just like
fall straight after I curl them so I'm
not super excited about this I'll
probably give this away but we'll see
maybe I'll give it a try I don't know I
think you could have gotten that or an
eyeliner though I have a lot of
eyeliners i think i would have preferred
an eyeliner but anyway the next thing I
have in here is from chlorine or
chlorine not really sure how to
pronounce this this is there extra
gentle dry shampoo with oat milk and
this is just a little travel-size which
is very handy for when you do try
I definitely could have used this on my
trip because there were a couple days
where I was just really lazy didn't want
to wash my hair but I did because I
really did have a choice so this would
have been really handy to have a couple
weeks ago or last week but I am excited
to give this a try I do like trying new
dry shampoos I haven't really found like
a Holy Grail dry shampoo so we'll see
how that one works the next thing I have
is from jersey shore sun and this is
their mom gong go when gongo
nutrient-dense anti-aging lip
conditioner and i have actually heard of
this company the scent or flavor i got
is mandarin green orange ginger but my
friend Jennifer I think she just
mentioned this in her like favorites
video was a jersey shore lip balm me she
said she really liked it so I'm looking
forward to trying this I don't normally
like stick lip balms but I've heard good
things about it so we'll see the scent
is really nice it's very it's kind of
light it's citrusy but also um kind of
fresh so we'll see how that one works
out and then next I have from Coastal
Scents a little sample this just looks
like it's going to be really adorable um
and it is I've gotten little like eye
shadow quads from them that are really
really cute also and this one is just a
blush duo look how cute that is that is
super cute I mean obviously it would
have been cool to get like a full size
but that's really cute cuteness factor
100 I don't know is there even a scale
i'm not sure but i love like miniature
things so i think that's really cute so
the final thing in my bag also quite
miniature but not as adorable this is an
eyeliner from Lord and Barry this is
their black silk mini kajal kohl liner
and again like i said i have plenty of
eyeliners i typically don't like the
ones i have to sharpen just because it's
a pain to sharpen i like the ones that
are like automatic and twist up but you
never know when you're going to need a
black eyeliner and this is I mean it's
still pretty cute it's pretty small but
I guess any type of pencil eyeliner
eventually we'll get this size so I'm
not that amused by it but still I mean
not bad not exciting but it's okay so
that was it for my Ipsy bag not the most
exciting month but it's also not that
bad so overall I guess it's okay I did
redeem some of my points on FC to get a
couple products I want to call them
prizes but they're not really prizes
they're like their bonus items so I did
redeem it for two items and they're both
from the same brand and I can't remember
what the brand is called um it's what
it's that teeny company there's like
nail teeny ite lip teeny and I don't
know what the actual is it beauty teeny
I have no idea i might have just made
that up but i did redeem it for one of
their lipsticks and this is in the shade
plum wine and it is quite hot here where
i am and the lipstick is kind of
sweating but that's okay but it's
actually a really pretty color it's a
little bit darker but it still seems
like for me for my lips anyway it'll be
like a my lips but better color let's
try this on shall we I do have a lip
gloss on already but let's just see what
it looks like I kind of like it it's a
little bit of a darker kind of my lips
but better but slightly more of like a
berry tone color and I decided to redeem
some points for another bonus item and
this is from I teeny same company as
that lipstick but this is their cream
eyeshadow in the color ambrosia and I
actually already have one of these I got
it in a previous if sea bag but I did
really like it i thought the color was
really pretty and so i decided to pick
it up and give it away to one of you
guys just as a little thank you
especially to those of you who have
subscribed to it Caesar for a link
allowing me to get the points for this
item so yeah really simple give away all
you have to do is leave a comment down
below you can comment once per day make
sure it's a new unique comment it
awesome if you want to like this video
as well but yeah really simple I'll have
the rules and all the other stuff it'll
probably end in a couple of days but all
that information will be down below in
the description box so be sure to check
that out and yeah hope you guys are
doing well let me know what you guys got
in your if see bags this month I love
hearing what you guys
getting and what your thoughts on the
products also if you wanted bagging or
an unboxing video definitely send me the
link I love watching it so yeah hope you
guys are doing well and I will talk to
you guys next time bye